Datatypes in JS:
==================
    Datatypes are used to define the type of Data. JS is a dynamically typed language. Here, datatype is defined by type of data it holds.
    To find the typeof data, you can use 'typeof' operator

There are 2 types of datatypes primarily. They are
  a. primitive Datatypes : These datatypes are used to store single values. They are
     i. number
     ii. string
     iii. boolean
     iv. undefined
     v. null
  b. Non Primitive Datatypes : These datatypes are used to store collection of values . They are
     i. arrays
     ii. objects
     iii. functions

Type Conversion : JS can convert one datatype into another datatype called Type conversion or Typecasting. There are two ways to achieve it
  --> Implicit typecasting:  JS can automatically convert datatypes based on operations called Implicit Typecasting
  --> Explicit typecasting : we can force the type conversion using external classes called Explicit Typecasting

i. Number: 'number' is used to represent any numerical value
   let a=55.369;
   console.log(typeof a) //number
   number have default methods like 
      toFixed(n) -- returns roundfigure value upto n decimal digits
      toPrecision(n) -- returns roundfigure value upto n total digits
      toString(n) -- returns string converted as base n number
    numbers can also use Math Methods such as
   Math.max(a,b,c...) -- returns maximum value
   Math.min(a,b,c...) -- returns minimum value
   Math.abs(n) -- returns always positive value
   Math.sqrt(n) -- returns square root of n
   Math.cbrt(n) -- returns cube root of n
   Math.ceil(n) -- returns nearest larger interger value of n
   Math.floor(n) -- returns nearest smaller interger value of n
   Math.round(n) -- returns nearest interger value of n
   Math.pow(a,b) -- returns a power b
   Math.random() -- returns random value from 0 to 1



ii. strings : strings are used to store a set of characters as a single variable. we can represent strings in 3 ways
   a. single quote
   b. double quote
   c. backtick

   There is no difference between single or double quotes but neewd each other one value inside the other value

   we can make string dynamic using backtick and ${}
   let name = "PRASAD"
console.log(`my name is ${name}`)
This is also called Template Literal

  strings are also have default or library functions

i. length  -- returns number of characters in a strings
ii. replace -- replace the content specific position. it always replaces only first occurence;
iii. replaceAll -- replace current ement to whole text
iv. indexOf -- returns index of first occurence of given character
v. lastIndexOf -- returns last Index of given character
vi. trim() -- removes space from both ends of string
vii. charAt() -- returns character at specific index
viii. slice(start,end) -- returns substring from starting index to end index. end index is not included
ix. split() -- split is used to divide the string based on delimiter
x. concat() -- concat is used to add two strings
xi. toUpperCase() -- used to convert given string into uppercase
xii. toLowerCase() -- used to convert given string into lowercase
xiii. startsWith() -- returns boolean after checking whether string is starting with given string or not
xiv. endsWith() -- returns boolean after checking whether string is ending with given string or not

Boolean: Boolean is used to store true or false. true can also be converted as 1 and false as 0.

undefined:undefined represents uninitialised value. A variable that is declared but not assigned a value is undefined. Accessign a value that is not existed is also undefined

null: null represents absense of any object value
null is used to keep variables have no value

what is the difference between undefined, null,empty?
undefined is result of variable & property where the value is not initialized
null is the value expliticity releaseend of variable
empty is also a value 




















